Applications used:
    VSC
    Unity

Overview:
    Text Of Terror v2 (Will find better name) will be a replica of 'Text Of Terror' game made by me previously.
    Version 2 will be 3d and open world, there will be the story line and side quests in a computer based scene.
    ToTv2 will pretty much be the recreation of ToT with a little more spice and depth.

Aspects:
    World
        Follow something easy and low polly, since that seems to be the type of game people are liking more now. But this does not have to be forever.
        Since you will be in the inside of computer parts I will have to think of a way to make the world feel large but yet not enclosed with a roof.
        Large megastructures will be cool but probably only for the main mission or the biggest levels.
    Fighting
        Create sprites with AI combat intelegence for diffucility and randomness aspect.
        The attackers will have different abilities and in those even more abilities and difference in looks, fighting manner, etc.
        Attackers will have to be somehow created as physical forms of computer problems, 'bugs', 'viruses', etc.
        Make creation design sketches before making anything, see what looks good vs what does not.
        Every attacker will have identifying properties so you know what type of attacker it is, but they will all have differnt looks and characteristics.
    Levels
        Will make the storyline a heap longer and more interactive, this also includes making side quests, and optional things to do.
    Playthrough
        The start will show Sgt. Bitmonger and Nurse Yranib sending you into a computer that they have on a table, you will be strapped down to a medical table and then wormhole
        to the computer, this will show a world inside a computer and will have a place for you to rest and consider as home. There will be shops and Wheel of Fortune.
        You get binaries or power as a money system, your health will be in the form of code or something along those lines, the more damage that you take, the harder it is to
        control yourself, you will loose functionaliy of certian things, for example moving left or jumping or even accessing inventory. If you die in the computer too many times
        then you will loose functionaliy of your body in real life. This could be represented as you waking up and the 2 characters at the start looking upset then they get rid of
        you (murked) saying 'there goes another one'.
        



This is my first ever game made that is not text based, this is going to be a challenge and I am doing this to gain knowledge in game design and making,
without doing the school course, this means that I can go at my own speed and also additionally I will publish this on steam if I think that it is good enough
to see if I can make any money or more credability from it. :)